What's New 94 (#1424)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/console/index.md

> ## Look up error messages on the web from the Console

Reviewer: It's very important we lock on the section titles since we essentially hard-code those strings in to the Welcome tool in the DevTools (using go links but still, I like to avoid changing them if possible) so I'd suggest we go for a shorter, more concise title like:

```suggestion
## Search errors on the web from the Console
```

Reviewer 2: I'm good with this title, though I'd like to keep "error messages" as the term we use within the content.

> Search the web for your **Console** error strings, right from within DevTools.  In the **Console**, many error messages have a **Search for this message on the Web** button, shown as a magnifying glass.  When you select the **Search for this message on the Web** button, a new tab opens in the browser and shows search results for the error string.

Reviewer: I'd like us to be consistent about `error strings` or `error messages` or just `errors`. We should just pick one and use it throughout. I'd recommend `errors` because I like being concise

Reviewer 2: "Errors" works for me
